[REVIEW] Add support for single->multi char string case mapping.  Fix several single -> single mappings. (#4520)
rapidsai/cudf: CHANGELOG.md

## Bug Fixes

- PR #4386 Update Java package to 0.14

> - PR #4520 Fix several single char -> single char case mapping values. Add support for single -> multi char mappings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- PR #4520 Fix several single char to single char case mapping values. Add support for single to multichar mappings.
```

Reviewer: If this is a fix and new support should it go under "improvements"?
